Sprint 0: Project Set Up
Stories :
1. Springboot application setup
2. Git operations validation setup (commit, push)
3. CI/CD Setup
4. Code Quality setup 
5. Logging Mechanism

Epic 2. Record Processing
1. Data Modelling
Description:  Database design of data into respective tables along with required relationships among them.
Acceptance Criteria: 
> Demonstration of correct behaviours among entities by using test data in database.

2. Directory Management
Description : There shall exists five types of folders in the application for stories respective csv files, namely, new, processing, done,
error and garbage. New folder consists of all new files that need to be read, processing folder will contain files that are being 
processed, done folder will contain files that are successfully processed, error folder will contain files giving errors and garbage 
will contain files having incoorect naming conventions.
Acceptance Criteria:
> All csv files must follow naming patterns as transactionXXXX.csv and referenceXXXX.csv, XXXX denotes an integer.
> Files having incorrect naming convention must be available in garbage folder.
> New files must be received in new folder.
> Error files must be created with same name as original file with error appended to it and must be stored in error folder containing the 
error message. Illustrtaion 
of the same should be transactions0123.csv must have transactions0123-error.csv
> File should be moved to processing folder before start processing.
> After successful processing completion, files should be sent to done folder from processing folder.
> Code qulaity should meet required quality checks.

3. Files Agenda
Description: Two types of files are available in new folder, namely, transactionXXXX.csv and referenceXXXX.csv, XXXX denotes an integer, where 
transaction data will be present in transactionXXXX.csv file and data for other entities data will be present in referenceXXXX.csv file. 
Acceptance Criteria:
> The application must successfully read data from csv files present in new folder.
> transactionXXXX.csv file must only contain data related to transaction and referenceXXXX.csv file must contain data about all the other
entities except transaction.
> Code qulaity should meet required quality checks.

3.Processing Behaviour
Description: Multiple files are available for processing, which shall process in every two hours and can be processed parallely as well.
The order of processing must be on the basis of files naming convention, where xxxx denotes a integer and files having smallest number
appended to it's name must be processed first.
Acceptance Criteria: 
> There can be multiple files, so file with XXXX should be processed first.
> Process should not run untill the previous run is successful.
> Process must run after every two hours.

Epic 3. Kafka POC
1. Kafka topics setup
2. Integration of kafka with the application
