Credit card transaction processor

1. Create a spring boot application
2. You will get a directory with following folders
    1. new, processing, done, error, garbage
    2. new will have csv files with following naming patterns
        1. transactionXXXX.csv and referenceXXXX.csv, XXXX denotes an integer
3. The application will read from data from above csv files
    1. It will be credit card transactions data having data for following entities
        1. Cardholders, Cards, Transaction, Merchants, Banks
    2. Transaction data will be present in transactionXXXX.csv file
    3. Data for other entities will be present in referenceXXXX.csv file
    4. There could be multiple files so file with XXXX should be processed first
    5. transactionXXXX.csv and referenceXXXX.csv can be processed in parallel
    6. Transaction data files could be very big, data for rest of entities will be very small
4. This process will run every two hours 
    1. Process will not run unless the previous run have been successful.
5. Error handling
    1. Do not process any file that does not correspond to naming convention
        1. Move them to garbage folder
    2. New files will be received in new folder
    3. Move the file to processing folder before start processing
    4. If you get any schema error do not process the record and put it in an error file with same name as original file with error appended to it
        1. e.g. transactions0123.csv will have transactions0123-error.csv
    5. Move a processed file to done folder
6. Publish the processes records into a separate Kafka topic
    1. One topic for transactions
    2. One topic for other entities
7. Code quality
    1. 100% unit test code coverage for business logic
    2. Integration test cases
    3. Should not be able to push code if coverage is less than 100%
        1. Lines and branch
    4. Github message should be like 
        1. CCT-XX: <commit message>
        2. Should not be able to push code if the condition is not satisfied
8. Logging
    1. Every processed records should be logged in log file
    2. Every processing of record should have a unique id across different runs of application
    3. Except for customer id, name and address
    4. Card no and expiry date
9. Use something like GitHub actions for CI/CD
